Hmph, it's really cheap for him to break that leg
Aren't you scared?
What am I afraid of?
I have a gun, he doesn't.
Do I dare to shoot them?
If they dare to shoot, I will directly BB
You are too
A person running to that kind of place makes trouble for me
Is life so worthless?
Is it valuable? It's valuable to me
Do you think I'm unreliable now?
Or do I want to dump me after using it up?
I don't want anything to do with me anymore, no
you
Did something happen at home?
Oh, I went to your place.
You've been empty
You're not sick.
He's been calling in sick.
I'm fine, it's none of your business
Anyway, don't worry, I still have money.
Yan Nan and her mother's surgery should have cost a lot of money
Buying a necklace should be enough, right?
Sure enough, second-hand is worthless
But the surgery fee should be enough
No.
Are you waiting there? What are you doing here?
This is what you call money
Isn't surgery money?
That's more valuable than money, and I
Oh, don't worry.
Enough money, I still have a lot
No. That's all.
Let's go somewhere else tonight.
It's not safe anymore.
Host please note
Shangyue's brother, Baron Feld
They also sent people to hunt down Shang Yue
What's the matter? The person staring at you is coming too.
Two groups of killers are expected to arrive in half an hour
What a double suicide
Am I still alive?
I have an idea.